Now what?
All suppliers are now consulting us.
Said to stop cooperating
Yeah, I got a lot of calls too
There is this problem with this result.
You have to give us an answer, right?
I'm sorry.
Recently, it's because of my bad behavior
Something happened that affected the face of the company
But you can rest assured.
I'll deal with it ASAP.
It will not affect the listing.
Please hurry up!
Now the company is about to go public
We don't want to put our hearts and souls
Smash it all in.
Don't worry.
I returned to my emotions about the supplier.
If nothing else
Please come back
Wait for you in a hurry, hurry up
Hello Mr. Li, I want to chat with you
Who are you looking for? I'm Song Zeyu's friend
Let's take a look at Shen Yuning
Xu Jingchuan
These are for you.
You have nothing to do here
You like to draw?
I brought you back the drawing board
Song Zeyu didn't know you were here
Then you are not afraid that he will know